Your other screen don't work, but you have one screen.
Let me know when people are here, son; I can't tell here.
Is it good?
Yeah, it's not.
I'm saying seven.
It's saying seven right now, but—well, good morning, good evening.
Thank you for joining so quickly.
We're waiting; we're having a lot of technical issues.
That's why I'm late.
That's why I usually do not announce when I'm coming on here live.
The enemy does not like this prayer time, obviously.
And so, I'm not frustrated.
I know that we're a threat.
You know, it's exciting when you know you're poking them in the eye.
But we've had a lot of stuff going on with all our internet and our cameras and everything else, so it's been a little bit of a hiccup here today.
So, is it working now?
Everything's good?
800?
Okay, good.
Well, praise the Lord.
Well, good afternoon, good evening, and good night, whatever, wherever you are in the world.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We're going to just take right off.
I don't have a lot of time here now because I'm a little behind.
So, I'm going to just get right into it and pray with y'all.
Yesterday when we were praying, the glory of the Lord filled our hotel room, and it was—I told Braden, we all felt it—it was the peace that passes all understanding, just that weightiness of the presence of God filled this room.
And I was surprised, honestly.
I mean, you're in a hotel that's not your house and, you know, on the road like this, and the glory of the Lord shows up like that.
I was just in awe at just the presence of the Lord, and it was just exciting that the Lord would visit like that.
We've been at the prayer conference and praying over what they feel led to pray over concerning America and things like that.
But my heart is going to tell you this: Jesus Christ is coming.
You must know this.
You must have an urgency about our Father's return.
It is time that the body of Christ has urgency and wakes up.
We are in the last of the last of the last seconds before the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We see the wars and the rumors of wars.
We see Israel and what's going on with Israel, watching the fig tree.
But as we pray today, the enemy within—we'll just pick up where we left off yesterday with the terrorist attacks.
I know what the Lord is showing me.
They were picking up on some of it today concerning July the 4th of this year because it's an anniversary year.
It's the big celebration.
I think it's 200 and some years or whatever it is, the 250th for the United States of America.
But what I'm picking up on is way before July of 2026.
We must pray for our elections in 2026 for sure.
This is a major hot spot for everything that I'm getting concerning November of next year.
This time next year, I pray we've already prayed this thing through.
We don't need to be coming up to the wire and praying it through; we need to tackle this thing now.
The elections of 2026, if we do not keep the Senate and the House and get some better judges in our nation, it won't do any good to even have the presidency.
We must keep the Senate with more of a majority and the House to push through some of the things that I have seen.
Now, I believe that we have—there's power in numbers, there's power in prayer.
And it's so exciting to meet some of you all.
I met some people from Sweden today, some from Mexico, and another man who just saw me.
I said, "Are you here for the prayer conference?
" He said, "No, I just came here for a vacation.
" You know, Branson, Missouri is a major hot spot for vacation for a lot of people.
And Sister Billie said that today, that an average of 8 million people come through here every single year.
And when I was driving around today, the Lord said, "I told you this.
" He said, "I'm getting it ready for the revival.
Do you remember what I said?
" I said, "Yes, Lord, you picked a good spot.
8 million visitors a year.
" And she said, "That's more people that visit here than visit Israel.
" And I was like, "That's amazing for this little bitty town, that we have more visitors come here in this little area in Branson, Missouri than Israel has in all of the tourist season of Israel in a whole entire single year.
" That's amazing.
So, it shows why the Lord picked Branson, Missouri for a major revival, because there's already all these people coming here.
So, He picked a hot spot in America.
He said, "I choose to pick the central part of America on the New Madrid fault.
This is going to be a major place for a major shaking to awaken, and a great revival will come to Branson, Missouri.
" And as I was driving around today, the roads were so congested with so many people coming here for fall break, I just thought, you know, like Sister Billie always says, "Oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a planner.
" And I'm telling you all, I have such high expectations.
I can, as I'm in the exact spot where I've always seen the visions looking out over where the sun is setting, looking out and the Lord's saying, "Brandon, this dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
The ark door is closing.
Jesus is coming.
" Do you understand, ladies and gentlemen?
We're about to have the greatest harvest of souls.
And I say that all the time, but I want to be that steady drum that keeps warning you about what's coming.
So, we see Zelensky in the White House today asking for Tomahawks.
And I said, "This is not a coincidence.
" I saw this way before they are even talking about this, folks.
And here President Trump—oh, and then Putin had the meeting there saying, "We need to talk about this.
We don't want those long-range missiles coming into Moscow.
" And the reach was way beyond Moscow for what these missiles are able to do.
But Zelensky was putting a demand on the relationship with the United States of America stating that he wanted long-range missiles to go way deep into Russia, and we don't want that.
So, that's why we're praying, because I believe prayer changes things.
But it is important that we realize that we are going to avert World War III in a great capacity in some areas.
Now, can we stop the whole thing?
No.
But I believe we can stop some of it.
We can cause some peace in some of it, maybe delay some of it, I don't know.
But the Lord said some of this stuff is going to happen because His Word said it would.
So, we see these things happening in the news and what they're talking about, and I'm like—I told Diana, I said, "You know what's amazing to me is whenever you're seeing it in prayer weeks before, and then you start seeing it in the news weeks after, right?
" And you just go, "Wow, Lord.
Wow.
Nothing happens on this earth before He reveals it to His servants, the prophets, and I believe the watchmen of this generation.
" He said, "I'm bringing in my closers.
" And He keeps bringing that up to me.
It's time for impartation.
You know what was interesting?
I felt to talk to one of the key head prayer people, Sister Lynne.
And I told D, I said, "I feel I just would like her to pray for us because she's a general.
She's been—she's taught us prayer our whole entire lives.
I mean, since we were little kids walking around, you know, barely in diapers.
" And it was an honor that she would even talk to us, and she's excited because she says she watches our channel and stuff.
And she laid hands on Diana.
And I've never seen the power of God move on my wife like that other than when we've been at some Billy Burke meetings.
But my wife's hand shook under the power of God, which I don't understand why, but it shook under the power of God.
Now, usually it's always the whole being—you can feel it and it goes in you—but her right hand, where Sister Lyn Hammond prayed for my wife and grabbed a hold of her hand, shook for over an hour and she couldn't control it.
It was just under the power of God.
Her whole arm was; she could feel it from her fingers all the way up to her shoulder.
Come and tell them.
You're sitting here.
You tell them.
I ain't going to steal her thunder.
Here, you can sit on my lap.
You want to sit right here?
I don't have to—you told it really good.
I know.
Can you see her?
All right.
Tell them.
Yeah.
Whenever she laid hands on us and prayed, she put her hand right here on my arm.
And when she did, I felt the power of God go into my arm.
And it went all the way from here to my elbow.
And it traveled.
It kind of stopped right there, but it was all through my hand.
And I just felt it vibrating like a vibration, like a current.
And I was watching my hand, and I was like—she was praying and I was feeling it—and I was thinking, 'Wow, this is like my hand.
I can feel the power of God.
' And I was just weeping.
And then she put her hand up here on my shoulder, and I felt it come all the way down my arm clear to my elbow, and it went all the way up and down.
My whole hand was just under the power for over an hour.
It was like being electrocuted.
Yes.
And it really was amazing because I've never seen you do that.
And even our littlest was like, 'Daddy, can Mommy control her hand?
' Because Paisley was just staring at it, you know, because her mom's hand was sitting there just shaking.
And it was just amazing to see that.
I knew there was impartation—there's something, because that's just not normal for us.
And we don't put on—we ain't here for a show.
We don't care.
You know, it's like to us, we're just Brandon and Diana, you know, and there's no performance.
You get what you get.
I'm not here to try to entertain you.
And that's why I've always maintained that.
Keep being authentic.
No matter how much it gets bigger, don't try to be a performance.
There is no time for performance.
It's fake.
I don't like fake Christianity.
I don't like fake Holy Ghost stuff.
No, I want the real, authentic move and touch of the power of God.
And if it's not, I don't want it at all.
I'm not here, you know.
I see some people and you think, 'Is that real?
Is that whatever?
' And I don't try to judge them, but I'm saying there are a lot of times you realize that their flesh is involved more than the spirit, you know, and I'm just like, 'I don't want to be one of those.
' But I realize when my wife is getting a touch from the Lord, and it's authentic, because Diana is a no-nonsense person.
And so, it's the same with me.
I'm a no-nonsense person.
I don't play Holy Ghost.
It's either real or it's not.
And because I see, I don't give any courtesy falls.
If the power of God's not there to knock me on my heinie, I don't want it, you know.
I'll resist it more than anything.
And so I just say, 'Hey,' because I'm not going to let you push me down, either—'Holy Ghost push.
' You know, people try to push you down in the name of the power of God and try to make you go down, and you're like, 'No, that's not the power of God.
That's you knocking me down with your hand.
Stop with your nonsense.
' But I'm just saying, you know when the Lord is authentically touching somebody, and my wife got a touch today, and I was so thankful for that.
I told her, I said, 'We're Holy Ghost junkies.
We're going to find the authentic.
' And Sister Lynn touched Diana today, and it was pretty awesome.
So I just wanted to tell you all that, you know.
Love you, baby.
So pretty cool.
That's not you.
Don't you understand what I'm saying?
You get the anointing of push on you, and they ain't going to have the anointing of push, and they start going, and you go, 'That's not the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
You're trying to push people down.
' And they give you a courtesy fall because you're pushing their head off.
But I just like, you know, I want authentic.
And there has been something authentic in our life, and we've touched it and tasted it, and I'm telling you, the Holy Spirit is real, and it puts a bad taste in some people's mouths whenever it's not.
Now, I get off on that because I come across people and they say, 'Well, is this real?
Is it?
Is it not?
' And I'm telling you, it's real.
When I've been prayed for by Billy Burke, you can't stand; the glory comes in.
And last night when we had the move of God, Max, who is an Arab-American now—he got radically saved—was a Palestinian, right?
Is that right?
He saw Jesus walking around in the auditorium, and I knew it was authentic because of the way he said it.
Now, not every vision do I believe; when somebody says they're seeing things, I just go, 'Whatever.
' But this man I know is authentic.
His name is Max, and he said he saw Jesus walking around last night in the service.
But you could feel it.
You could feel the tangible presence of God last night.
Diana and I were in there.
We could see the mist.
And, like I said, I don't try to get all hyper-spiritual about stuff.
If it's there, it's there.
If it's not, it's not.
And it was there.
It was the same.
Diana said it wasn't as thick as what we saw in the tent last year at this meeting when we went to the mountain and we went out there.
They have the fish fry and all the things that are on Monday, and that's when the Holy Spirit was so strong.
We even saw it; it was so thick you couldn't see through it—the glory cloud.
Last night, we started worshiping, and the glory of the Lord came in, and it was tangible.
Now, I didn't see Jesus, but Max did, and I think another man.
Right.
So, he was walking around the aisles examining the troops, examining his children.
And when we were up there and they were worshiping, they started singing the song.
And she started singing, and the glory of the Lord came into the building, and, ladies and gentlemen, I kid you not, you could see a mist in the atmosphere.
There was a heavy dew; you could feel it.
Now, I don't know if everybody could see it, but there were quite a few that said they did, and you could feel the presence—the tangible presence of God.
And I'm all about it.
I told Sister Billie today, I said, 'I could park myself in a meeting like that and never leave.
' People were—she told everybody they could go home because it was already so late, and people didn't want to leave.
Some of them left, which I think—they missed out big time.
The people who left, I just don't, honest to goodness, I don't know how you can leave a service and say, 'Well, I'm going home to go to bed.
' What else is there to stay up for?
If God's there and the glory cloud's there, you couldn't pay me a million dollars to want to leave that.
I mean, seriously, the tangible presence of God is in the building, folks, and you want to go lay on your pillow?
Forget it.
I mean, there ain't nothing in this world—that's all that I'm living for is the presence and the glory.
So, we could feel it.
You could feel the tangible presence, and you could feel the weightiness of his presence.
But like I said, Max was blessed with the vision of it, to see the Lord Jesus walking around looking at people.
Some people were experiencing angels and things like that, but it was more that didn't than did.
But the glory, everybody—I think you would have to be spiritually dead not to feel it.
I mean seriously, the atmosphere was tangible—the presence of God.
I'm so grateful, so thankful to experience the glory, so grateful.
There is nothing like it, there's nothing like it.
And for all the people who traveled—they had people from, like I said, South Korea, they had people from China, they had people from all over the globe.
They brought them up today and were talking about it.
It was so cool to see so many people came from so many different places.
And the people from Switzerland.
Two different people from Switzerland.
And I didn't realize there are that many different dialects in Switzerland.
German, Italian, French—three different languages in different sectors.
I didn't realize that.
So we had the French represented here, and we had the Germans, from what I understood.
So I thought, 'Well, praise God.
' But really, really beautiful, really beautiful what the Lord is doing, but I'm expecting even more.
You know, I know there's more.
I know there's more.
And I believe we are just entering in—first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
I believe for this revival that we're experiencing, I believe we're just entering into it.
You can just barely see that blade coming up out of the ground for what's about to happen.
It's just barely peeking through.
You know, when you just get that seed, that little hatchling, the little seed is just barely poking itself through the soil.
And I believe even like, you know, some people are talking about a turning point and all this stuff.
Yes, but there's something so much more coming on the edge of time.
All the stuff that's happening, folks, I'm telling you, we are right there.
I even told Pastor Chip, one of the pastors, I told him, 'We've got to stop saying it's coming and start saying it's here.
' And he said that's exactly what the Lord was telling him.
But I believe when we start saying it's here, the glory is here.
The glory and the manifested presence of the Lord is here.
It's not coming.
We're not going to experience it later on.
Because if it's always coming, something is coming all the time.
But I started thinking, get the mindset of expectation for the manifestation now.
Why is it always tomorrow?
It's like believing God always for tomorrow for your deliverance, for your marriage to get better.
'Well, tomorrow's going to get better.
' Why not now?
Why not have your expiration date to what you're believing for now?
Why not believe for the exceedingly abundantly above all that you would ask or think now?
So, I'm believing for it tonight.
I'm believing for it tomorrow.
I'm believing right now.
Let's just always stay in that constant state of being, in that constant state of believing that you receive it when you come together and you fellowship like that.
And I thought, you know, it's a pull.
You pull it.
You can pull it.
And it was cool because Sister Lynn was talking about praying for North Korea today and getting over in those rivers and praying, because, you know, she said it was interesting—I love her illustrations—she was talking about how there's no pictures, there's really no information about North Korea because it's so closed off.
It's a wall.
But as you pray into something, she said she takes her notebook and she writes everything about North Korea, what she's getting about that in prayer.
And after a while, she has notebooks full, a prayer journal of everything that she has gotten from the Holy Spirit concerning North Korea.
So I have gotten all this stuff about North Korea and praying into that, about what the Lord has told us—that He was going to remove a tyrant, that He was going to remove Kim Jong-un, and that his days were numbered, that his sister's days were numbered, that God was going to give North Korea a window of opportunity for a major outpouring of the Spirit of God, and that there would be a great harvest of souls in the days to come concerning North Korea and South Korea and China and basically all of Asia.
And He said, 'We're going to have a major move of God in Asia.
' So that's what we're believing for.
He said, 'I have not forgotten my Asians.
I have not forgotten the Asians.
They have felt that they have been forgotten.
' But the Lord said, 'Brandon, I have not forgotten my Asians, and there is going to be the greatest harvest of souls that they've ever experienced, ever in all of time, that Asia will have a move of God.
' And that's what we're believing for.
So, going back to—I don't want to get sidetracked—going back to the Tomahawks now, President Trump right now is negotiating and talking about sending some long-range missiles into there, trying to stiff-arm Putin.
And I said, 'Don't poke the bear.
' Remember, every single thing we're getting: don't poke the bear, don't send these long-range missiles.
So, as we're praying into that, I believe we can stop some of that to delay it and make it not happen, because this is going to be very bad for Poland and Romania and some of these other nations.
But as we see the enemy within the Red Dawn experience, the Lord said, 'We must pray for America because of what I saw yesterday concerning the major building that was on fire at the top.
' And He said, 'This is the distraction from the main thing.
This building was to attract the firefighters, the emergency crew responders, from the main event.
' And I saw tripwires in buildings that were booby-trapped, that when the firefighters walked in, it was over—that they were rigged for a catastrophic event on purpose to delay and to cause a distraction from what they're trying to do over at another place.
Does that make sense, what I'm trying to tell y'all?
It was a deterrent.
That's a good word, a deterrent.
So, that's what we're going to pray into a little bit more today in this little bit of time that we have left here.
So, I hope I gave you a little bit of something to get you excited.
It's time, folks.
I want you to have an expectation that God is going to show up and show off in your life.
Have expectation.
It's not just Brandon, it's not just Diana or Billy or Lynn or Pastor Chip or Candace or whoever, it's you.
God has a plan for you.
God has a plan to do something for you.
You might live in some hole-in-the-wall, this little podunk town in America, or in Australia or whatever, and you've got less than a population of a thousand people, and you're going, 'How is God going to do anything in this little bitty town with less than 500 people in it?
' But you're there and you're watching online right now, and you're praying for your town, and you could be the one that brings revival to save that whole entire little village, that whole entire little town.
And you are the one that carries the fire.
And you go, 'Why did God place me here?
' Because you are called to those people.
You never know.
Maybe He's telling you to move on.
Maybe He's telling you it's time to pack your bags and move into a big city.
I don't know, but I know that God put you where you are right now, maybe just for this season, just for—you're called to the Kingdom for such a time as this.
And it could be there just for that, for a major revival in that little town, and you're the first one.
All it takes is—how to start a fire?
It just takes a spark.
And you could be the spark that lights that fire.
Just know that nothing's by coincidence.
You're there and God has you.
You can say, 'Well, everybody, all they do over here is do drugs and sleep around and everything, drinking at the bars on Friday nights, and we don't ever have any...
' You could be the one that starts a Holy Ghost fire in there and has a tent revival or your little church, and you're feeling it, and the Holy Ghost shows up.
I thought, you know, when I told Diana—we were talking about it—what attracts us to these meetings, going to healing services like Billye's and Billy, both Billys, is the anointing.
All it takes is a spark.
All it takes is that tangible.
You couldn't pull me away from it.
I'm like a dog on a bone.
That's what it takes.
And I thought, how did you get that?
By spending time.
T-I-M-E.
Time.
That's what sitting at the feet of the Father with time brings: relationship.
And I thought—Diana and I talk about it—there's no microwave.
It's a slow cooker.
It's relationship, just like you have with—you don't force your relationship with your spouse.
What develops a relationship with your wife or with your husband?
Time.
Well, 'I want—we've got to have a crash course right now.
I want to know everything about you in the next 10 minutes.
You're going to tell me everything from your childhood, and I want you to tell me, and I'm going to time it, and then you're going to tell me, and then I'm going to know everything about you, and then we're going to be so good with each other.
' That wouldn't work, would it?
She'd look at me and go, 'Are you kidding me?
This is not a microwave.
It has taken time, years.
' And I still find out stuff all the time.
We talk about things and you go, 'Okay, well, I like your likes and your dislikes and everything else.
' But that's the way it is with the Lord.
But it's by refiner's fire.
And we come up higher every day.
And you come up higher with the fire.
And every day you go from glory to glory to glory.
And people want something quick.
And that's why I told Brianna, I'm willing to pay the price to get whatever it takes to get there—meetings like this, dipping in the river, praying, doing these videos, doing whatever it takes because I want Him.
What does it take to get the manifested presence with Him?
We know that that's what breaks the yoke, that's what sets people free.
None of this other stuff.
You go into a church service and you just—I don't want church usual.
I want church unusual.
You get something when you go, and you don't walk away going, 'What was that?
I'm wasting my time.
' I want His presence.
When you go, man, 'Father, thank you for that fresh drink.
' But I don't rely on my pastors to bring that to me all the time.
I get it myself.
You get it yourself.
How desperate, how bad do you want change in your life?
I don't sit there and go, 'Well, it's like a baby wanting their diaper changed.
' After you grow up, you don't have to have your diaper changed anymore because you've grown up.
Well, I don't have to have somebody feed me anymore because I feed myself.
Well, I learned how to cook myself.
I learned how to do that.
The older you get, the further along with the Lord you get.
I'm able to go say, 'You know what?
I know how to go to the drive-thru if I need to.
I know how to go to the grocery store and fix it, but I don't have to go by and say, Mom, Dad, I need you to go and get me something because I'm hungry.
' They're saying, 'You're an adult.
Go get it yourself.
' You know what I'm saying?
That's the way it is.
I really truly believe, the more you grow spiritually, it's time for a lot of people to grow up and stop being babies.
We've got to get our armor on and get ready for what's coming.
Most people don't want to recognize it.
Most people are afraid of it.
What's coming?
Do I believe it?
It's like I see part of the charismatic movement—I want to say the Word of Faith people—they are so strong on, 'We're not going to experience anything at all.
We're underneath the glory and the glory's coming because this prophet said this and that prophet said that,' but I'm telling you we are in this world.
I know we're not of it, but we're going to see some things.
But it doesn't have to be—I'm not going to participate in the drama, right?
So I know the glory is on my household.
And as He is, so are we in this world.
And as Diana and I walk into the world, we touch and shed the light, but we're still going to see it.
It doesn't make it disappear.
It just means I'm not going to get into the drama of it.
The sky is not falling in my house.
It may be falling out there, but it ain't falling because why?
Because the Holy Ghost is dwelling on the inside of me and He's giving me authority.
Now, we know that in Matthew 24, these things are going to happen.
This is the beginning of sorrows.
So, you're not going to stop that.
There's going to be plagues.
There's going to be wars.
There's going to be rumors of wars.
So, we're going to see these things, civil unrest, these things.
But where are we supposed to be?
We're supposed to be in that position of, 'Hey, we have our catcher's mitts on, people.
Hey, you need Jesus.
Can I pray for you?
Fear not.
' So, praise God.
I'm not afraid and neither is anybody else.
But I'm going to tell you, I know what's coming.
And the glory is coming and it'll be as thick as a quarter.
I've tried to say it a thousand times.
The dark's going to get darker and the light is going to get lighter.
We are in the last of the last days and we're fixing to see even more, a greater acceleration of things than we've ever seen before.
So, Father, I just thank you.
I don't have communion today.
I ran out of communion.
My wife brought me one for travel.
So, we're just going to pray.
Father, I thank you, Lord, as you show me.
I plead the blood of Jesus over my eyes.
And I thank you, Lord, that we have angels that keep charge over me.
And anything and everything that I see, Father, I judge it.
And I thank you, Lord.
Hey, I can do it with a chip.
That'll work.
I'll take it with a chip.
And just give me some of that sparkling tea right there.
That tea.
That'll work.
We have lots at home now.
But I'm in a hotel room.
So, I want to clarify that.
I'm not saying I don't have communion.
I have communion, but I don't have it at the hotel.
So, this will work today.
This will work.
You forgive me?
I'm not trying to be disrespectful to Catholics.
I'm not trying to be disrespectful.
You know, I have a lot of people from a lot of different backgrounds and they got really offended when I did this last time.
So, Father, I thank you, Father, for the body.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you see my heart.
I'm just doing the best I can with what I have here.
I'm doing the best I can with what I have here.
And I'm so grateful, Father, for your body that was broken for us as we're in this hotel room.
I thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, we're healed.
And as we pray for the next 30 minutes, Lord, we're thankful that if there is anything we can do to help change things, God, we can get a lot done with what we have here.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
And Lord, we're thankful for the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And we apply the blood of Jesus over us.
We apply the blood of Jesus all around this hotel room.
We apply the blood of Jesus over their houses.
And we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
And we plead the blood over everything you've been showing us.
And we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that we hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
And we cover it in the name of Jesus.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in Jesus' name.
Lord, now we're expecting for things to change in the Ukraine war concerning the safety of the people.
I know what your word says, Lord, but we're still going to pray.
And we believe, Father, there's a de-escalation of things.
I just can't get past that, Braden.
Y'all, I keep...
every time I get right up to that door, I see it, the warp.
And I always want to pray for peace, but every single time I get right up to that and start talking and saying what I'm saying right then, I get right to it and I see that war about to break out again.
I see it again right then.
Other than just...
because I can't allow my...
I don't feel my spirit lining up with it when I pray in tongues, when I pray in English over it, and it's like it's not praying a lie.
You're praying against it, and I know I'm speaking by faith, but at the same time, that's just like you hit a wall.
So I just pray in tongues over things.
But let's just...
I'm just going to go ahead and start praying over our nation.
That's what I know we can stop, and I'm not going to touch that Ukraine thing right now until I get more clarity on what I'm supposed to do with it.
But I'm going to pray over our nation and concerning that tower that I saw with the fire on it and the firefighters, and we'll just go that direction, okay?
So, that's what we're going to do.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for every firefighter, for every law enforcement, for our FBI, for our Homeland Security, for our president, for his children, for his cabinet.
Now, I just saw October 31st concerning Halloween time here in America.
And I don't know what that was, but it was about that time frame, praying over the safety of our children, that parents would wise up and stop letting their kids trick-or-treat, that churches would not participate in any kind of demonic stuff.
Now, I know they have some harvest festivals and they have fun.
I think that's an alternative for the kids maybe to do something, but don't dress up kids in costumes and think it's okay to dress up as witches and warlocks and goblins and everything else.
And I don't agree with it at all.
In fact, I don't participate in it.
I go to our little thing at our church, and they have a trunk-or-treat thing and do things like that, but I'm telling you, I've seen too much in the witchcraft area.
And I don't give any place for the devil at all.
I truly don't.
I do a little bits here and there with the church things.
Maybe they'll have a little carnival or something, but that's it.
We don't celebrate Halloween.
We don't dress up.
We don't even let our kids, if we go to a trunk-or-treat, we don't let our kids dress up.
We don't.
I just don't.
I go to try to be a support to the church, but I do not believe in it at all.
I've seen too much.
Do you understand that?
They're out to kill, steal, and destroy, folks.
They don't look at it as fun.
They're into trying to destroy churches, marriages, governments, households, whatever they can do to kill, steal, and destroy.
I'm not going to give them any place at all in my life at all.
You know, they don't celebrate Pentecost.
They don't celebrate Easter.
They don't celebrate Christmas.
Maybe they do, I don't know.
But I'm just saying I don't...
Anything that has to do with the Lord, I'm going to be all in.
But I do not celebrate the devil.
He is a defeated foe, and he is some bad words to me.
And that's just the way I look at it.
He's a piece of trash.
And I can say a lot.
And I'm going to tell you, I'm not going to give any glory to that punk ever in my life.
Ever.
He's defeated.
And the blood of Jesus has covered us, and he makes us victorious over him.
But I will not give him any foothold or anything in my life ever.
He is under my feet.
But when I'm seeing over there, praying over these events, praying over your churches, okay, this is what I saw.
I just had a flash, and the Lord showed me this time frame: praying over trunk-or-treats, churches, gatherings, opportunity for the enemy to come in to kill, steal, and destroy.
And so you need to pray.
Does it make sense what I'm talking about?
So that's where we're at right now.
But I have to say that out loud, really.
I'm very, very adamant about this.
I'm very, very strong about it.
Do you get what I'm saying?
I just feel I'm parked there.
You all need to understand you're playing with fire.
Don't play with fire concerning this.
This is very serious.
Daily, we thank you, Lord, today that we get more on fire for you than we've ever been before.
That, Father, the fire is on us, and it's in us.
And Father, that Holy Ghost presence, that Holy Ghost fragrance, that when we walk in a room, people see the light on our faces.
That people see the glory of the Lord resting on us.
That when we walk in an area and they see us, they say, 'There's something different about them.
We stand out.
We don't blend in.
' That Father, they see us and they say, 'Man, I need what they have.
I feel peace.
I feel joy.
I feel patience.
I feel something.
I don't know what that is, but I just want to be a part of it.
' So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that that's the kind of God we serve.
That you said, 'If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me.
' You're drawing them in through us, Lord.
We're your hands.
We're your feet.
We're your mouth.
We're your voice.
We're your brain.
We're functioning in this earth as he is, so are we in this world.
And I believe, Father, that the best is yet to come for the body of Christ.
And so we call in the rain.
We call in the rain in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over the drought.
We say, in the name of Jesus, the weather is changing over Australia.
We call in rain in the name of Jesus.
We speak to the atmosphere around Australia to bring forth an abundant harvest of rain.
Not just a couple of inches, but Father, I thank you that it's a toad-strangler.
I thank you that it's a toad-strangler type of a rain, that Father, it fills the ponds and the lakes and the streams.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's a change in the atmosphere concerning America.
I call the jet streams to change.
I speak from the north for the jet streams to change.
And I pull them down in the name of Jesus.
And I take authority over the weather.
And I say, 'Rain on low-pressure systems.
Rain on low-pressure systems, you come forth in the name of Jesus.
' And we break drought, and we will not have fires over the winter.
We will not have a hot winter.
He's already showed me Siberian fronts coming through, so that's not it.
But we call forth, in the name of Jesus, rain for no fires, for dry weather.
We call it in.
We're calling in the rain right now.
We speak to the weather manipulation and the weather warfare to change.
We speak for it to change now in the name of Jesus.
We're calling those things that be not as though they were.
And we say, 'Weather, you are changing.
Rain, come.
' And we call it in from the north, the south, the east, the west.
And we thank you, Lord, for the rain is coming now in Jesus' name.
And we pray over our elections in 2026.
And we thank you, Lord, that it will be the largest and the greatest red wave we have ever seen in the name of Jesus, in the history of this country.
That people will not become lackadaisical in their thinking or shrink back, but Father, they'll come and be bold even yet about what they believe and they will vote in Jesus' name.
And Father, we will have the largest red wave we've ever had in the history of America.
And we call every one of your elections to turn around.
That this would be a time of turnaround, a time of a great flood of the glory of God on your nations.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Asia is having revival, Africa is having revival, South America is having revival, Europe is having revival with the greatest presence and the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord that this world has ever seen before.
We're calling it in right now in the name of Jesus.
And we call that revival forth, that this will be a great time of a harvest of souls.
Now, Father, I ask God, I call all our unsaved loved ones with the blinders on their eyes.
Father, they may be so unsaved that you may think, 'Man, there's no possible way for our relative, whoever it may be—my wife, my daughter, my husband, my son, my grandparents, whatever—to be born again.
' But we believe, Father, that nothing is impossible with you.
And we call the unbelievers born-again believers.
For you said that he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
And we believe, Father, that you are, and that you are a rewarder of those that diligently seek you.
Tonight, we're calling them in right now—our daughters, our sons, our wives, our husbands.
Father, they all will be born again and radically saved in the name of Jesus.
We're calling them in right now in the name of Jesus, out of the pit of hell into the kingdom of God.
We call them in right now in the name of Jesus, that if they were to die tonight, they would make it to heaven.
I thank you, Lord, that you don't want any man to perish but all to come to repentance.
So, we say, 'Satan, get your hands off of our unsaved loved ones.
' And I thank you, Father, that right now in the name of Jesus, according to Ephesians, the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that their eyes are flooded with light tonight.
Their eyes are flooded with light.
Flood their eyes with light in the name of Jesus.
And we say, 'Light be in their spirits.
Light be in their lives.
Light be in their hearts,' in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for demonstrations and manifestations of the glory, that we're always in that place at the right time, experiencing your presence.
We're so grateful, Father, that love is king in our homes.
Love is priority.
Love never fails.
That's interesting.
I just saw a school cafeteria, and there were hearts all by it.
And that's interesting.
I saw the tables in the school cafeteria, and I saw the lunch line, and then all of a sudden, I saw these hearts springing forth out of the ground.
But they were like Valentine hearts—you know what I'm talking about?
Those big red hearts—and they were coming up out of the ground.
I saw hearts.
That's really interesting.
But it was around the school tables, around where the kids eat, and they were like floating up like those little heart balloons or like those emoji things—you know, the little things on the chat right there, how they put the little hearts?
They were floating up like that by the school cafeteria, how they float the hearts.
I think it's interesting.
I was thinking, 'What is that?
' because I saw the lunch lady, but the school tables had food that was all hot on the table, that you could see the steam coming up out of the food, but there was nobody eating it.
And they had forks and they had everything; it was ready to be eaten.
And there were hearts coming by out of love, I guess.
Yeah, like those hearts like that.
But there was nobody eating the food at the cafeteria at the school.
I could see down the hall.
When my eyes were closed, I could see down the hall, and I could see the lights were on, but there was nobody there in the school.
It's ready, though, for whoever is going to come.
Is that for the revival?
That's the kids that are coming in.
Oh, wow.
Do you hear what he's saying?
Because I was praying for the unsaved, and he has a table that's prepared before all of them.
Wow.
And it's a table of teaching at school.
The kids are coming, and so we're praying into the kids.
Because I was praying into unsaved loved ones, and I think, 'Why am I seeing a school and I see love?
' Wow.
But he has a place that is prepared for all the unsaved kids.
They're kids; they don't know they're at school.
They need to go to school, but the schooling is ready, and the food is ready at the school in the lunch line.
So, what the Lord is showing, I believe, right there in that vision is the school.
These kids need to be educated; these uneducated sinners need to be educated on how much Jesus loves them.
They're coming, but God's prepared a table before them in the lunch line, and they're coming.
The food's ready.
Praise God.
So, get ready.
The unsaved loved ones are coming to Jesus.
I believe that's what the Lord is saying right there: the unsaved loved ones are coming to Jesus.
A great harvest of school cafeteria kids are coming, and they're going to need to know how to eat.
They're going to need to know how to learn because they go to school to learn, and the love is there, and all that love is coming up out of the ground.
God loves you.
God loves you, and he has prepared a table before you in the presence of all your enemies—Psalm 23.
Praise the Lord.
Isn't that wonderful?
Be patient with my babies.
I see the 'Leave it to Beaver' masks again.
They're the school lunch ladies.
They have fishnets in their hair.
That's so funny.
That vision's funny.
For pastors—there's new pastors coming.
You've had a call to be a pastor, and the Lord is calling you to start churches.
There's going to be a great need for great churches, and you're going to know the evangelists, the prophets, and the teachers for the fivefold ministry.
The babies are coming.
To show in just a day, everything is going to change in a 24-hour period.
I keep telling you this—the 24-hour period keeps changing.
And here we are on the 23rd, and everything starts to change.
It's the point of no return.
And the Lord said everything's going to change in a 24-hour period.
Everything you know, everything that you've ever known is changing right before your face—an acceleration of God's goodness, His mercy, and His grace on this last outpouring, this last move.
People want to know where the earthquakes are.
People, they're coming.
We're just in the first part of October.
Great, great change is coming.
Do you know how many people, when they said this over how many thousands of years, that there was coming a Savior, there were things happening in this, and they spoke it, and they decreed things, and they said things are coming?
And this is what happens: you till and water the ground.
You pluck the roots out.
You pluck the weeds out.
You tend the vegetables.
You tend them, and the garden, you keep speaking to it, and you know that we're speaking spirits sent forth as heirs of salvation.
We are speaking spirits decreeing things for the Lord, saying what he says to say when he tells us to say it, even if it doesn't make sense to you.
Jeremiah did it over and over again, telling the people what was coming.
And now the Lord's doing it again.
Say it, Noah.
Say it.
A rain's coming.
Judgment's coming.
Say it, Noah.
Do you understand?
And the Lord's doing the same thing.
There's nothing new under the sun.
You know, he does the same thing.
He has the same pattern.
God is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
He uses different methods, different things, but his primary thing is to get you saved, to get you filled with the Holy Ghost, to get you filled physically, mentally, emotionally, to have a good...
Beloved, this is his thing right here.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
That's His agenda for your life.
It never changed.
Same God, same plan.
The same 500 years ago, a thousand years ago is the same now.
I want you to be blessed in the city, in the field, coming in and going out.
I want your marriage to be prosperous.
I want your wife and you to not bicker.
I want you to have good, peaceful homes.
I want your kids to be raised up godly.
Tell the good news about, go into the Great Commission and tell all the people about Jesus Christ, that He's coming.
It's always the same.
Oh my goodness, I'm going to be late for church.
I didn't realize how late it was.
It's all right.
We could be a little late because I feel to pray.
We thank You, Lord, today.
We give You praise, Lord.
We give You praise.
Master, breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me, Spirit of the Lord.
There's so many people tonight that need a fresh touch from You, Father.
They need that fresh drink of water tonight.
They need a fresh drink of water tonight, Father.
And we believe, Father, that tonight's their night for that fresh outpouring on their spirit.
They say, "Lord, don't pass me by.
" He hasn't.
He'll never leave you, and He'll never forsake you.
There's a lot of people who think God's passed them by.
God hasn't passed you by.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He is your friend that sticks closer than a brother.
He loves you and He has a plan for your life tonight.
He has a plan for you to come back to Him.
He wants you to run to Him when you have a need.
You say, "Well, God doesn't care about all that.
" He cares about everything.
If He knows the hairs on your head, He knows the hairs you do have and the hairs you don't.
Seriously, He knows everything about you and what you need before you need it.
If He cares about the lilies of the field and the sparrows of the air, how much more are you than them?
How much more are you than them?
You need to realize tonight how much Jesus Christ loves you.
And He's leaving the 99 to go after the one.
And if you're here tonight and you've never experienced the baptism of the Holy Ghost, if you've never experienced salvation, you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, if you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
You say, "Well, Brandon, I don't know.
This whole thing sounds so awesome and I want to be a part of it, but I don't even know the first thing about being a Christian.
" The Master has prepared a table for you and He's waiting for you to come home.
He's killed the fatted calf and He's saying, "Will you come today?
" If you're here tonight and you used to have a relationship with the Lord, you used to be on fire for God.
You used to be somebody that showed up every time the doors were open at the church, you were there.
Every time they had revival, you were there.
Oh my goodness.
But you have gone cold in your walk with the Lord.
You were once on fire for Him, but now you've gotten a little stagnant.
You've become cold.
But tonight you want to come back to Him.
Tonight you're saying, "I want a fresh start.
" Tonight I just want to come back to the Lord.
Do you think He'd accept me?
You've fallen into some sin.
You've fallen into some temptations.
And you think, "Well, I'm too dirty.
God's never going to accept me back.
" But I'm here to tell you, there's nothing too big for our God to forgive.
There's nothing too big for our God to wash you clean from.
And I believe that tonight—I don't like how close that camera is—I believe that tonight is your night for your turnaround.
I want you right now to be bold about it.
If I'm talking to you and you feel that stirring on the inside of you, you feel that your heart might be beating a little faster than normal, you feel that little fluttering in you, that is the Holy Spirit, I believe, tugging at your heart right now, saying, "It's time for you to come home.
It's time to get right with Me.
" And you may be just one person on here, but God leaves the 99 to go after the one.
And I want you to put in the comment section right now, "I need to be saved.
I'm coming home.
" If that's you and you feel that tugging, I want you to say this prayer with me.
I want you first to put in the comment section right now and say, "I need to be saved and I'm coming" or "I'm coming back to Jesus.
I need a fresh touch.
I'm dry, Brandon.
I can't do this anymore.
" You might be on your last load here thinking, "How am I going to make it through?
I don't know how I'm going to make it.
" But Jesus does.
And the first step is to turn back to Him.
You don't run from God when you sin.
You run to Him.
And when you repent of your sins is not when the Lord found out about it; it's when you got rid of it.
So I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
And if you're just for the first time watching Brandon and you, or you've been watching for a long time and tonight's your night to come back to Him, I want to say this prayer with you.
And I want you to say, "Jesus, I'm coming home.
I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died for me, and on the third day, You rose again.
I ask You to wash me and cleanse me from all my sins.
I ask You to forgive me right now.
I'm a sinner, Lord, and I need a Savior, Lord.
From this day forward, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil and I give my life to You.
I'm sold out to You.
From this day forward, Lord, I will serve You with all my heart.
Thank You, Lord, that You forgive me.
Thank You, Lord, that You wrote my name—sorry—Thank You, Lord, that You wrote my name in the Lamb's Book of Life tonight.
I believe I'm saved.
I believe I'm born again.
And I'll serve You from this day forward all the rest of my life.
Thank You, Jesus, that I'm free from all that trash.
And from this day forward, I'll serve You forevermore.
Amen.
And amen.
" And I believe right now, you just got born again.
I believe you came back to the Lord.
And if that is you and you just said that prayer and you meant it with your whole heart, the Bible says with the heart confession is made unto salvation.
And I believe that today you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
I want you to tell us down below.
But not only do I want you to tell us, I want you to write in the comment section.
But then if you don't have a Bible and you are a new baby Christian and you don't have a Bible, I want you to tell us.
Write us in the email below.
There's an email down there.
I want you to tell us, "I just got saved and I'd like my free Bible.
" And now, if you gave your heart to Jesus Christ on our channel, Diana, my wife and I—the one that just was up here—we want to give you your first Bible for free to celebrate your decision tonight to serve the Lord Jesus Christ.
We're excited about your decision.
I know this video will be played thousands and thousands and thousands more times, but I believe that somebody's going to get born again tonight.
Was there anybody?
It's on a delay, so they're still getting saved.
But right now it's 43 right now.
43 salvations so far.
43 people have come to the Lord Jesus Christ.
43.
Welcome to the family.
We're excited you're here.
You've made the right choice.
I believe that today everything in your life is going to change from this day forward.
I'm not saying it's all going to be just a cakewalk.
You may fall down and skin your knee.
You might go through some things and trials and tests, whatever.
But I'm telling you, you'll never have a better life than what you could with Jesus is what I'm trying to say.
Everything gets better with Jesus.
I can't imagine my life without my friend.
He's not just a savior to me.
He's more than...
He's everything to me.
He's my savior, he's my friend, he's my advocate, he's my standby.
He is everything to me is what I'm saying.
He's everything.
A friend that sticks closer than a brother.
He's my savior, he's everything.
I'm going to say he's not just a savior to me, he's everything.
He's a savior, but I'm saying he's everything to me is what I'm trying to say.
So they probably don't want to put that on a loop and say, 'Brandon said Jesus isn't a savior.
' Nonsense.
So what I'm just trying to say, he is my all in all.
Sixteen now.
Sixty born again.
Sixty born again tonight.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Father.
I love that song, 'Just as I am, without one plea.
' Thank you, Father.
Do they have any questions tonight?
Do you want to know anything?
Is anything going on in your life?
I know it's kind of a different broadcast, but I didn't have a lot of time and I've already gone way over, but I know that this would bless somebody.
Father, we're so grateful.
I know that we're so thirsty, Father.
I'm thirsty, Lord, and I've been underneath the fountain a lot.
But Lord, you can never get enough.
There's always more.
What's amazing, even whenever you have amazing services and you go to a healing revival or you go to these, there's more.
There's more.
I just know it.
You're never going to tap it out, where you go, 'Well, I've experienced everything that God has for me to experience.
' His mercies are new every morning.
His love and his kindness are new every morning.
Great is his faithfulness to us.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, we praise you and we give you glory.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you for the bigger nets.
There was somebody tonight that just gave their heart to the Lord that had a very dark past—a very dark past from what I just saw.
You were a person that was into some very dark stuff, but you just got born again.
Yes, he forgave you.
You had a very dark past, but tonight you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
And I say, welcome to the family.
He's washed you white as snow.
He's forgiven you.
And as far as the east is from the west, he's taken our sins from us.
He's cast them into the sea of forgetfulness.
And the best is yet to come.
Behold, he makes all things new.
That's very interesting.
This person was messing around with a lot of dead stuff, fascinated with dead bodies.
And this was very dark.
You know who I'm talking to: fascinated with death, all into death.
But guess what?
Jesus is life.
He's alive.
He's seated at the right hand of the Father, making intercession for you right now.
No matter how dark your past is, no matter how dark it was, it's over.
It's under the blood the moment you confess Jesus.
Now, you might have some hitchhikers and you might need to go through some deliverance a little bit here, but I believe he came to set the captives free.
And there's no room for any hitchhikers in your life.
You don't have to have those hitchhikers.
And when I'm talking about attachments, I'm talking about demonic spirits that you've opened the door to.
And so, the Lord wants to set you free from all that stuff.
So we say in the name of Jesus, your eviction notice has been served.
You have to get out of here.
You have to get out of that person right now in the name of Jesus.
You are no longer welcome in their life.
And I command those demonic spirits to let them go right now in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Father, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And those passengers are leaving right now in the name of Jesus.
We call them free.
We call them healed.
We call them whole.
We call them well.
And the mental torment that they've been going through is completely gone in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we believe, Father, that you don't just reveal this stuff to us to try to embarrass anybody, because we didn't even say their names.
But Father, you did it because you want them free, saying, 'I know who you are, and we're talking to you, and Jesus loves you.
Jesus loves you.
' Oh my goodness.
But this person, even in the past, you put white paint on your face with black stuff around your eyes.
It's like somebody was into voodoo.
Jesus is setting you free.
Jesus is setting you free right now, right now.
Behold, he makes all things new for you.
In fact, you were assigned to try to do stuff to us, but you gave your heart to Jesus today.
The Lord says, 'You realize that Jesus is greater in me than the devil that was inside of you.
' And Jesus has set you free.
Jesus has set you free.
He loves you.
We pray for you.
Glory to God.
You're going to be a radical, born-again Christian.
You are going to be a radical, born-again Christian.
The devil just lost a warrior in his kingdom, and Jesus...
this is amazing.
Praise God.
Hallelujah.
The devil's defeated.
Do you understand?
Isn't God good?
He came to set the captives free.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
The angels in heaven are rejoicing.
Thank you, Father.
Well, praise the Lord for that.
I'm glad I gave that altar call.
That was cool.
I saw that person.
I don't know who this is, but I'm telling you, God is setting you free.
It's a woman.
Glory to the Lord.
Well, praise the Lord.
I guess we'll go on to church.
It starts in a minute.
We'll be late, but that's what I'm here for—for the Autumn Assembly.
So, then we'll be home.
I'm ready to be home.
I'm ready to be home already.
I love praying in my own house.
It's so much different praying in a room when you're not used to it.
And so, but yesterday was glorious.
I pray this was good.
That was the wire we were looking for.
Did it melt it?
Well, we can buy another one on Amazon.
That's the wire we were looking for for this broadcasting gear.
Well, praise the Lord.
Well, if you're new here and you've never been to one of my YouTube videos, welcome.
Thank you for being here.
It's a lot different.
I know we're, like I said, we're in a hotel.
We're on their Wi-Fi and everything, but we're so grateful for every single one of you.
We didn't want to miss a day here again, so I wanted to do a video for you.
I know it's kind of different, but we prayed and we got some people saved and God showed us some things about the cafeteria that was kind of cool and excited about that.
And so we're praying for our nation.
We'll be back again and we'll pray and continue on doing what we do.
But I pray the video blessed you regardless and that we maybe gave you something to look forward to, stir you up or whatever.
We just love you all.
We truly do.
There's so many of you; you're so kind.
You say all the time, 'Brandon, you've changed my life.
' I don't know what I've done.
All I know is this is Jesus and me.
I'm telling you all, if you knew me, I have my stuff.
I'm overcoming just like you all are.
But I'm going to tell you, I love the Lord and we seek him together.
And I believe we find him.
And then if we knock, the door will be open to us.
So, if you could subscribe, click the notification bell, click the like button, comment something down below.
Paisley wants to say hi.
'Hi.
' Say 'hi' louder.
' Say, 'Hello, everybody.
' 'Hello, everybody.
God bless you.
' 'God bless you.
' So, Paisley prays too in the background.
So, well, we love you.
We'll see you again soon.
Remember, comment something down below, like, subscribe, click the notification bell, do all the things to help us with the algorithm.
We're growing.
We're believing God for 600,000.
We're almost there.
600,000.
So, it's getting closer and closer, isn't it?
Mm-hmm.
We're trying, aren't we?
Well, the Lord's doing it, but glory to God.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Oh, Diana is wanting to say hi, I think.
Go ahead.
No, you say, "I was going to get on it and go.
" That's what I was going to do.
576.
I was just going to send my love through the camera.
How many?
576 got saved.
Oh, no!
You just knocked over the Coke on that laptop.
That was awesome.
Just life, kids.
Well, praise the Lord.
It just shows how it's real.
You know, you're doing a livestream and you go, 'Oh, no!
Did that just happen?
' Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.